Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; 
Title 4 ; Section 302 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 29 months ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 130% & process your orders within seconds ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Anderson of Georgia tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Professional , We know you are interested in 
receiving red-hot intelligence ! We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 8 ; Section 303 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 96 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . 